Cachix documentation and agent config reference (#25)
hercules-ci/docs.hercules-ci.com: docs/autogenerate/Cachix.adoc

If you're using more than one agent or would like to share
resulting binaries outside the build farm, you'll need <<binary-cache,a binary cache>>.

> With a few clicks on https://cachix.org/ you can create a binary cache and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On https://cachix.org/ you can create a binary cache and
```

instruct the agent how to use it:

[source,json]
----

> { "kind": "CacheKeys"

Reviewer: This is the old format. Please copy from agent-config + suggestions

, "caches":
  { "my-private":
    { "authToken": "af2353653abc23"

>     , "publicKeys": ["dummy.cachix.org-1:EjBSHzF6VmDnzqlldGXbi0RM3HdjfTU3yDRi9Pd0jTY="]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    , "publicKeys": ["my-private.cachix.org-1:EjBSHzF6VmDnzqlldGXbi0RM3HdjfTU3yDRi9Pd0jTY="]
```

    , "signingKeys": ["XXX"]
    }
  }
}
----

> authToken is optional if it's going to be a public cache.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the cache is public, you should omit the `authToken` field.
```

NOTE: We're working on cachix to be able to restrict `authToken` to only reading one cache,

> so you'll have to generate a new token in the following weeks.

Reviewer: I assume things will keep working.
```suggestion
so we will contact you through the mailing list when the token may be replaced.
```
